README.md, before:

# coc-codellama

A completion engine for nvim.coc using the codellama LLM.

## Install

`:CocInstall coc-codellama`

## Options

| Option                     | Type    | Default value  | Description                                                                     |
|----------------------------|---------|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| coc-codellama.enabled      | boolean | true           | Enable coc-codellama extension                                                  |
| coc-codellama.host         | string  | localhost      | The host to connect to.                                                         |
| coc-codellama.port         | number  | 11434          | The remote port to connect to.                                                  |
| coc-codellama.contextAbove | number  | 7              | How many lines above the current line to include in the context for completion. |
| coc-codellama.contextBelow | number  | 7              | How many lines below the current line to include in the context for completion. |
| coc-codellama.shortcut     | string  | CL             | The shortcut to use for this completion source.                                 |
| coc-codellama.priority     | number  | 995            | How far up in the list to put completions from this source.                     |
| coc-codellama.model        | string  | codellama:code | The large language model to use for completions.                                |

## License

MIT

Commit message:

adds prefix, suffix, middle token options and token limit and temperature

README.md, after:

# coc-codellama

A completion engine for nvim.coc using the codellama LLM.

## Install

`:CocInstall coc-codellama`

## Options

| Option                     | Type    | Default value  | Description                                                                     |
|----------------------------|---------|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| coc-codellama.enabled      | boolean | true           | Enable coc-codellama extension                                                  |
| coc-codellama.host         | string  | `localhost`      | The host to connect to.                                                         |
| coc-codellama.port         | number  | 11434          | The remote port to connect to.                                                  |
| coc-codellama.contextAbove | number  | 7              | How many lines above the current line to include in the context for completion. |
| coc-codellama.contextBelow | number  | 7              | How many lines below the current line to include in the context for completion. |
| coc-codellama.shortcut     | string  | `CL`             | The shortcut to use for this completion source.                                 |
| coc-codellama.priority     | number  | 995            | How far up in the list to put completions from this source.                     |
| coc-codellama.model        | string  | `codellama:code` | The large language model to use for completions.                                |
| coc-codellama.prefix       | string  | `<PRE>`          | The token to put in front of the fill in the middle prefix                      |
| coc-codellama.suffix       | string  | ` <SUF> `        | The token to put in front of the fill in the middle suffix.                     |
| coc-codellama.middle       | string  | ` <MID>`         | The token to put at the end of the fill in the middle prompt.                   |
| coc-codellama.token-limit  | number  | 24             | The maximum number of tokens allowed.                                           |
| coc-codellama.temperature  | number  | 0.8            | How variable the output should be. Must be between 0 and 2. 0 means totally deterministic. |

## License

MIT
